detective Pikachu is a 20-19 urban
fantasy mystery film directed by rob
letterman based on the Pokemon franchise
created by Satoshi Tajiri and serving as
a loose adaptation of the 2016 video
game of the same name
welcome to the Amagi in today's video
we're going to recap the film detective
Pikachu before we begin we publish new
content every week so be sure to
subscribe to our Channel and ring the
bell to get notified about our latest
videos in the Pokemon universe Tim
Goodman is a 21 year old insurance
salesman who gave up his dream of being
a pokemon trainer
following the death of his mother in
becoming estranged from his father Harry
Goodman Tim is contacted by the police
of rhyme city a city where humans and
pokémon lived together in peace and
catching him battling Pokemon has
outlawed and was told his father had
died in a car accident while visiting
through Harry's apartment Tim meets a
Pikachu that is able to talk to Tim and
be understood by him they are soon
attacked by a party of Aipom under the
influence of a purple gas that Tim
accidentally released but escape at a
cafe
Pikachu explains that he has amnesia and
his only clue to his identity or Harry's
name and address on his hat leading him
to believe that he was Harry's partner
because Pikachu survived the car crash
he surmises Harry also survived
Tim shows the gas file to an aspiring
journalist Lucy Stevens and she directs
him to rime wharf they meet an informant
of Harry's a mr. mime who directs them
to an illegal Pokemon battle arena the
arena's owner sebastian recognizes
pikachu who had injured his Charizard in
a previous battle and demands a rematch
Sebastian doses Charizard with the
purple gas stirring it into a violent
rage and Pikachu is unable to summon his
electrical powers to fight back while
attempting to save Pikachu Tim knocks
sebastian over and breaks several gas
vials in his clothing sending the
arena's pokemon into a frenzy the arena
is raided by the police and lieutenant
Hideo Yoshida shows Tim's security
camera footage of Harry's accident to
convince him Harry could not have
survived Tim and Pikachu are contacted
by Howard Clifford the founder of rhyme
city who believes living with Pokemon is
beneficial to his ailing condition
Howard shows Tim a holographic
recreation of the car crash revealing
Harry survived and was captured by
Mewtwo who erased Pikachu's memory
Howard warns Tim that his son Roger is
behind the gas R and tells him if he
finds Mewtwo he can
find his father Tim and Pikachu recruit
Lucy and traveled to the lab facility
Harry was investigating which had been
experimenting on mutants synthesized are
from its genes they're attacked by a
genetically enhanced greninja and
Pikachu is gravely injured in the escape
Tim manages to communicate to a
Bulbasaur for help and the Bulbasaur
takes Tim to a clearing where they meet
Mewtwo new to heals Pikachu but before
it can reveal its intentions its
captured by Roger regaining his memory
of helping you to escape
Pikachu believes he had betrayed Harry
and leaves Tim to return to rhyme city
alone
Pikachu comes across the arena where
Harry crashed and finds evidence that it
was the greninja not Mewtwo who is
responsible in rhyme city howard reveals
from u2 to tim and takes control of its
body using a neural link helmet howard
explains that Mewtwo confuse humans and
pokemons allowing humans to evolve as
Pokemon can but this can only be done if
the pokemons mind is in a confused state
thus the need for the are gasps Howard
releases are across the city using
parade balloons and uses Mewtwo's powers
to begin fusing humans with their
Pokemon Pikachu arrives and summons his
electrical powers to battle Mewtwo while
Tim fights howard's bodyguard Miz Norman
who reveals herself to be a genetically
modified ditto who had been also
impersonating Roger with help from the
real Roger Tim subdues ditto and removes
Howard's helmet freeing Mewtwo from his
control Mewtwo restores the city
inhabitants to normal Howard is arrested
and Roger hires Lucy is a full-time
reporter with Tim congratulating her
afterwards by asking her on a date
Mewtwo explains that Harry helped me to
escape but was attacked by the greninja
and Pikachu volunteered to have himself
fused with Harry to save his life the
experience erasing their own memories
Mewtwo separates the two and Harry
reunites with Tim and his human body and
Tim decides to stay in Rhyme City to
learn how to become a detective and
spend more time with Pikachu Lucy and
Harry did you enjoy our video be sure to
check out these other great videos from
the Amagi and make sure to subscribe and
ring the bell to be notified about our
latest videos